feature(docs): Create TC_RELEASE.md (#1519)
plentymarkets/terra-components: TC_RELEASE.md

# Release Terra-Components

Run the following commands in your IDE's console:

## 1. `npm run prepare-release`

> -   runs: `npm ci && npm run build && npm run test-headless && npm start`

Author: Ja genau! 😄 hatte es auch vorher mit 'run reinstall' aber war dann auch eine Anmerkung in diesem doc und wurde dann hier ersetzt: https://github.com/plentymarkets/terra-components/pull/1514 . Daher ..

> -   runs: `npm ci && npm run build && npm run test-headless && npm start`

Reviewer: 👍🏼

-   `increment` just means you finished an increment.
-   `minor` the update brings new features, therefore it’s a _minor_ release!
    -   example: `gulp changeVersion --increment minor`
        -   Result: v6.**1**.0
-   `preid` sets a **subversion**.
    -   example: `gulp changeVersion --increment minor --preid rc`
        -   Result: v6.1.0-rc.0
-   all parameters can be found in the [gulpfile](https://github.com/plentymarkets/terra-components/blob/6.X.X/gulpfile.js#L129).

## Then update the date in the [Changelog](https://github.com/plentymarkets/terra-components/blob/6.X.X/CHANGELOG.md) on which to be released!

-   example: `# 6.1.0-rc.0 (04.03.2021)`

... and push your changes directly to the Branch you would like to release!

-   For pushing directly to a default branch you need **admin rights**.
    -   If you haven’t, you have to create a new pull request and merge it with your changes: (**version update + changelog**).

## 3. `npm publish dist`

-   Creates a new release on [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@plentymarkets/terra-components).
-   **Important**: To run this command you **need an account on npm**.
    -   If you haven't:
        -   create an account.

>         -   get an invite from a member of Terra.

Reviewer: wird das vielleicht als eine öffentliche Einladung interpretiert, sodass Leute von außerhalb Plenty denken könnten, sie könnten auch TC releasen? 
da der Inhalt der Datei öffentlich einsehbar wäre mein Vorschlag '(Nur für Plentysystems Mitglieder)' hinzuzufügen

Author: Guter Einwand! Pfelge ich nach 👍

Author: Kann man vielleicht Dateien aus dem Repo mit Rechten versehen? So dass auch nur Plenty-devs diese TC_RELEASE Datei sehen?

Reviewer 2: das mit dem privat sollte nicht gehen, da man sonst alles privat machen könnte und das Konzept von private und public umgeht. ich finde es nicht kritisch, da niemand von außen Rechte auf das Repo hat.

Author: Alles klar. Dann passe ich das noch an

Reviewer: schon klar, dass niemand von außen die Rechte auf das Repo hat, wollte damit nur bezwecken, das kein falscher Eindruck bei den externen Entwickler entsteht, die das lesen. Ein kleiner Vermerk wie gesagt reicht völlig aus.

Author: done

> # Release Terra-Components

Reviewer 3: Mit oder ohne Bindestrich? In der DoD war es ohne geschrieben.

Author: Würde "mit" sagen.. was sagt @dantrau ?

Reviewer 2: ja, in der DoD hatte ich es entfernt

Author: Okay ich pass es an 😄

> A guide that takes you step by step to a release of Terra-Components.

Reviewer 3: same

> _**Important**_: The guide is only valid for plentysystems employees.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
_**Important**_: This guide only applies to plentysystems employees.
```

> ## 1. Prepare release

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## 1. Prepare the release
```

> -   run `npm run prepare-release` in your IDE's console.

Reviewer 3: Ich würde alle Sätze mit einem Großbuchstaben beginnen.

    -   the command runs the alias: `npm ci && npm run build && npm run test-headless && npm start`
-   the command tests and builds code.

> If this command fails (the reason could be unit test..), errors should be corrected!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If this command fails (for example due to a unit test), errors should be corrected!
```

> If this command fails (for example due to a unit test), errors should be corrected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If this command fails (for example due to an unit test), errors should be corrected.
```

> ## 2. Change the Version of Terra-Components

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## 2. Change the Terra Components version
```

-   we use [Semver's Versioning](https://semver.org/).

-   run `gulp changeVersion --increment <increment> --preid <preid>` in your IDE's console.

> -   `increment` : depends on the changes that has been made. Either 'major', 'minor' or 'patch' or any pre-release.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
-   `increment` : depends on the changes that have been made. Either 'major', 'minor' or 'patch' or any pre-release.
```

    -   example: `gulp changeVersion --increment minor`
        -   before: v6.**0**.0 ... after: v6.**1**.0
-   `preid` : is only necessary for a **pre-release** and sets a **subversion**.
    -   example: `gulp changeVersion --increment preminor --preid rc`
        -   before: v6.0.0 ... after: v6.1.0-rc.0
-   all parameters can be found in the [gulpfile](./gulpfile.js) (Line 129).

## 3. Changelog update

> -   Update the date in the [Changelog](./CHANGELOG.md) on which to be released!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
-   Update the date in the [Changelog](./CHANGELOG.md) on which you want it to be released!
```

    -   example: `# 6.1.0-rc.0 (04.03.2021)`

> -   Push your changes directly to the Branch you would like to release!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
-   Push your changes directly to the branch that you would like to release!
```

    -   For pushing directly to a default branch you need **admin rights**.

>         -   If you haven’t, you have to create a new pull request and merge it with your changes: (**version update + changelog**).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        -   If you don't have admin rights, create a new pull request and merge it with your changes: (**version update + changelog**).
```

> ## 4. Publish the new created version

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## 4. Publish the newly created version
```

-   run `npm publish dist` in your IDE's console.
-   This command creates a new release on [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@plentymarkets/terra-components).
-   **Important**: To run this command you **need an account on npm**.

    -   If you haven't:
        -   create an account.
        -   get an invite from a member of Terra.

>         -   Log in to npm in your IDEA’s console: `npm login`

Reviewer 3: Sollte es hier IDE's heißen?

Author: oh.. jap :D

> -   Please create a new release-tag on [Github](https://github.com/plentymarkets/terra-components/releases)!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
-   Please create a new release tag on [Github](https://github.com/plentymarkets/terra-components/releases)!
```

> -   Please create a new release-tag on [Github](https://github.com/plentymarkets/terra-components/releases)!

Reviewer 3: Noch eine kleine Nebenbemerkung: Ich würde Ausrufezeichen durch Punkte ersetzen (wirkt netter :) )
